         The Ding Lik's Millenium C Virus Generator by Ding Lik
            Copyright (c) 1999, by Ding Lik of Shadow Dancer
                        All rights not reserved

ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
                    A Shadow Dancer Team Production
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

Warning Ding Lik's Millenium C Virus Generator produce a dangerous code,
                           pleaze becareful!


This Lamer
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
         I have no copyright, no responsibility, no money etc. I have
nothing to proud of. Use Ding Lik's Millenium C Virus Generator (DLCVG)
at your own risk. If you don't agree then wipe your HD, ha..ha..!
        Gua nggak punya hak cipta, tanggung jawab, uang dll. Gua juga
nggak punya sesuatu yang bisa dibanggain. Menggunakan DLCVG harus
menanggung resikonya sendiri. Kalo nggak setuju, hapus aja HD lu
sekalian, har.. har...!


Trademarks
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
        Turbo C, Turbo C++ are registered trademarks of Borland
        International (now Inprise).
        M$ Window$ 95B is registered trademark of Micro$oft Corporation.


Introduction
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
        Welcome..., I hope you enjoying your day. Well, Ding Lik's
Millenium C Virus Generator, DLCVG for shorten, is a tool for everyone -
C programmers specially - to learn how to program a virus in C language.
DLCVG will produce a virus template, so you can easily modify it. DLCVG
has menus, so you can use it easily.
        Selamat datang, gua harap lu menikmati hari lu. Well, Ding Lik's
Millenium C Virus Generator, singkatnya DLCVG, adalah sebuah program
bantu untuk semua orang - khususnya pemrogram C - untuk mempelajari
bagaimana memprogram virus dalam bahasa C. DLVG akan membuat virus
template, sehingga lu bisa dengan mudah memodifikasinya. DLCVG memiliki
menu-menu, sehingga lu bisa pake dengan mudah.


Abilities
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
ş Lame menus
  I created this progy in a very short time, so pleaze have some
  understanding. This is my first menu coding, ha..ha..!
  Gua bikin progy ini dalam waktu singkat, jadi mohon pengertiannya. Ini
  pertama kalinya bikin progy bermenu, har..har..!
ş Creates run-time & parasitic virii
  Yeah! The created virus is able to it. No need to learn how the system
  works, just use your keyboard.
  Yap! Virus yg dibuat bisa melakukannya. Nggak perlu belajar bagaimana
  sistem bekerja, gunakana saja keybord lu.
ş Free of use
  I hate GenVir, what da fuck! J. S, you thought that you could have
  money from VCK? Tiu Lei Lo Mo (translation : fuck ur mother!). Use my
  DLCVG, it's free! (nearly a Linux).
  Gua benci GenVir, ** sensor **! J. S, lu pikir lu bisa dapet duit dari
  VCK? Tiu Lei Lo Mo. Pake DLCVG aja, bebas segalanya (mendekati Linux)!


Requirements
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
        To run DLCVG you'll need the following spec.
        o An IBM PC compatible
        o An Intel 80286+ compatible & matcho
        o +/- 512K base memory
        o MS DOS/PC DOS compatible
          DLCVG able to run under my Window$ 95B
        o A C/C++ compiler
          Borland products recomended, MS prod. r sucks!


Using DLCVG
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
        From command-line, type DLCVG followed by enter. Now, you are in
DLCVG's main screen. There are three menus : File, Edit and About. File
menu contains Go & Exit menus. Go menu's function is to create a virus.
Exit menu's function is to exit from DLCVG. Edit menu contains Author,
Vir name & Vir ID menus. Author menu's function is to enter author of
the virus. Vir name menu's function is to enter name of the virus. And
Vir ID menu's function is to enter signature of the virus. Just fill
each edit menus and then File | Go to create a C virus.
        Dari command-line ketik DLCVG diikuti dengan enter. Sekarang lu
ada dilayar utama DLCVG. Ada tiga menu : File, Edit dan About. Menu File
memiliki menu Go dan Exit. Menu Go berfungsi untuk membuat virus. Menu
Exit berfungsi untuk keluar dari DLCVG. Menu Edit memiliki menu Author,
Vir name dan Vir ID. Menu Author berfungsi untuk mengisi nama pembuat
virus. Menu Vir name berfungsi untuk mengisi nama virus. Dan menu Vir ID
berfungsi untuk mengisi identifikasi virus. Isi saja tiap menu edit dan
kemudian ke menu File | Go untuk membuat sebuah virus C.


Compiling Code
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
        Well, i think you can compile the C source code produced by
DLCVG using any C compiler. I was using Turbo C 2.0 and Turbo C++ 3.0 to
compile it. If you compile using Turbo C 2.0, your virus will detected
by Dr. Web (supicious), but if you compile using Turbo C++ 3.0, Dr. Web
found nothing. BTW : other AV progy can't detect it.
        Seharusnya source code C yang dibuat oleh DLCVG bisa di-compile
dengan compiler C apa saja. Gua sendiri menggunakan compiler Turbo C 2.0
dan Turbo C++ 3.0. Kalo lu compiler pake Turbo C 2.0, Dr. Web bisa
mendeteksinya (suspicious), tapi kalo pake Turbo C++ 3.0, Dr. Web nggak
bakal nemuin apa-apa. BTW : program AV lainnya bisa bisa mendeteksi.


Known Bugs
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
 o It's slow :)
 o It will never execute original program if u run the infected progy
   under Windoze + errmsg : Access denied


Revision History
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
Actualy, there is no revision history. This is the first and the last
version of DLCVG. So, enjoyed this limited edition ha..ha..
Sebenernya nggak ada revision history. Ini merupakan versi pertama dan
terakhir dari DLCVG. Jadi, nikmati edisi terbatas ini har..har..


Program Information
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
        DLCVG was written in Turbo C 2.0 small memory model, with
optimizations made for size. Viral code was developed and tested using
Turbo C 2.0 and Turbo C++ 3.0. It was written in +/- 500 lines of code
and no library used (hand made). Feel free to distribute DLCVG to
others, but if you like it, pleaze send me an email.
        DLCVG dibuat pada model memori small Turbo C 2.0, dengan
optimasi untuk ukuran. Kode virus dikembangkan dan di uji coba dengan
menggunakan Turbo C 2.0 dan Turbo C++ 3.0. Ditulis dalam +/- 500 baris
dan tanpa menggunakan library (buatan sendiri). DLCVG bebas
didistribusikan kepada orang lain, tapi jika lu suka, tolong kirimin gua
email.


Greetings
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
        I, Ding Lik, would like to thank the following people for their
help in the creation of DLCVG : God (i mean the GOD), Daze Shadow and
Dirty Nazi of SGWW.
        Greets go out to all Shadow Dancer members, K-Electronic,
Hackerlink, NMVT, web master of SOK4EVER, Dark Angel, Dark Avenger,
ex-VLAD members, Cicatrix and all virus-writers and -lovers everywhere.
_FUCK_U_ to Anton Rp a.k.a Phardera.

Special thax to Jibz for his wonderful packer, aPACK.


Adv.
ÄÄÄÄ
Pleaze..., visit Shadow Dancer's Home Page at
http://sok4ever.zone.ne.jp/ShadowDacer

Ding Lik : ding_lik99@email.com
Daze Shadow : daze_shadow@email.com


Copyfuck (c) 1999, by Ding Lik of Shadow Dancer
